 References
All sources of the thesis must be listed in a separate list of references in alphabetical order of the authors. Several publications by the same author are sorted
in ascending chronological order.
If no author is known for a source, it will be added to the references according
to the alphabetic order with the author "anon." (author unknown). Note that for
these sources, the name of the publishing institution (e. g., the name of the company publishing an annual report used as the source) is quoted.
Unpublished sources, such as theses, have to be marked with an appropriate note
(e. g., "unpublished master thesis, Goethe University Frankfurt, Summer Term
2015").
The sources in the references have to be prepared according to the following
scheme:
- Books: surname(s) and abbreviated first name(s) of the author(s), or editor(s), year of publication in brackets, title (if necessary subtitles), edition,
place of publication, publisher.6
Example: Kräkel, M. (2012): Organisation und Management, 5th edition,
Tübingen: Mohr Siebeck.
- Article in magazines: Name(s) and abbreviated first name(s) of author(s),
year of publication in brackets, title (if necessary subtitles), time, volume,
number of issue(s) in brackets, first and last page number of the essay.
Example: Abernethy, M. A., J. Bouwens, and L. van Lent (2004). Determinants of control system design in divisionalized firms, The Accounting Review 79 (3), 545-570.
- Contributions in collective works: Name(s) and abbreviated first name(s)
of the author(s), year of publication in brackets, title (if necessary subtitles),
in: title of the collective work, ed. by abbreviated first name(s) and surname(s) of the editor(s), edition, place of publication, first and last page number of the contribution.
Example: Kräkel, M. and Sliwka, D. (2001): Innerbetriebliche
Aufgabenverteilung und Delegation, in: Die Prinzipal-Agenten-Theorie in
der Betriebswirtschaftslehre, ed. by P.-J. Jost, Stuttgart, p. 331-357.
- Discussions and working papers: Name(s) and abbreviated first name(s) of
author(s), year of publication in brackets, title (if necessary subtitle), university/institute.
Example: Murphy, K. J., and P. Oyer. (2003). Discretion in Executive Incentive Contracts. University of Southern California/Stanford University, available at https://faculty-gsb.stanford.edu/oyer/wp/disc.pdf.
- Internet sources: Name(s) and abbreviated first name(s) of author(s), year
of publication in brackets, title (if necessary subtitles), URL: Internet address, accessed: date, time, if necessary first and last page number of the
article.
Example: Anon. (2013): Subventionen: EU verklagt Deutschland wegen
Bahn und Post, URL:
http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/unternehmen/subventionen-euverklagtdeutschland-wegen-bahn-und-post-a-934680.html, Internet release:
